0	The nation 's health maintenance organizations were required to tell the federal government by midnight Monday whether they plan to continue providing health insurance to Medicare recipients next year , raise premiums , or reduce benefits .
1	The two-year note 's yield was unchanged at 5.95 percent .
2	The 12 to 18-month target price is $ 70.00 per share .
3	The principal opposition parties boycotted the polls after accusations of vote-rigging , and the only other name on the ballot was a little-known challenger from a marginal political party .
4	Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily .
5	A Spanish official , who had just finished a siesta and seemed not the least bit tense , offered what he believed to be a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the portable facilities were n't in service .
6	The current El Nino , a complicated and vaguely understood series of phenomena that affect weather around the globe , is either the weather event of the century or an event whose bluster ca n't come close to living up to the super-hype preceding it .
7	And he has eased up on team rules .
8	Jake decides to give Melanie a bit of a hard time because she 's giving him and everyone else she grew up with a megadose of New York attitude , which in this film is almost as grossly exaggerated as the Southern stuff .
9	Sather , whose box sits high above the Garden ice behind one of the nets , said that he could hardly notice the netting .
10	Eight percent went to Europe , while 1 percent went to other regions in the world .
11	As he left the UN building , Sabri said he hoped Iraq 's announcement was a first step toward the `` lifting of this brutal regime of sanctions '' against his country .
12	A backdrop of steady economic growth , scant inflation , and stable bond yields provided support for stocks .
13	His teammates indeed loved the show .
14	The Revolution also gave up a 90th-minute goal in a 2-2 regulation draw at D.C. United Sept. 16 but they recovered to win their final two matches .
15	One factor , he said , might be that consumers have just decided they have enough stuff and are salting money away for retirement or spending it on vacations or entertainment .
16	He threw three scoreless innings , enabling Seattle to climb back into the game .
17	Programmers always enter a season worried about the future of specific programs ; but never before have so many of them entered a season so worried about the future of the entire business .
18	A spokesperson for Omega in Rio de Janeiro , was not immediately available for comment .
19	Dell Computer Corp. 's quarter also looks good .
20	Output was reduced in 1996 after one of its three furnaces exploded , killing one worker .
21	The Residential Internship Program should meet the district 's needs , too , Quiriconi said .
22	Esaka and six other top executives will quit to take responsibility for 67.28 million yen in payoffs to corporate racketeer Ryuichi Koike , 54 .
23	She 's a hard act to follow , '' said Ruth Brown of London , who was among the crowds Wednesday .
24	Most epidemiologists say the disorder stems from a genetic dysfunction , probably a short circuit in the brain .
25	But on the turn , she settled in .
26	It also took an interception of a Warren Moon pass by Chiefs free safety Jerome Woods in overtime to set up Stoyanovich 's game-winner .
27	But she would concern herself less with the motives of those willing to help than with their pitching in .
28	We are going to have to do it when we see fit , '' said Bobby Brown , Netanyahu 's adviser on world Jewish affairs .
29	Congress holds hearings to consider anti-road-rage legislation .
30	I only smoke one .
31	I 've been here 19 years and it 's never been a good time .
32	But some conglomerates , like Viacom and the News Corp. , have already bumped up against the limits of the rules .
33	E-mail : jsuydamstatesman.com In person Ms. Holloman looks less like a tomboy than her film roles suggest , with her hazel eyes and faint drawl her most beguiling features .
34	He died en route to hospital .
35	The benchmark 30-year bond rose 3/8 , or $ 3.75 per $ 1,000 bond , to 96 30/32 , pushing its yield down 3 basis points to 6.61 percent .
36	It begins life with a $ 75 million annual debt service burden , and a negative book value of nearly $ 300 million .
37	Part of this indifference is probably caused by the unearned cynicism of the age .
38	These immigrants `` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied '' for asylum , said Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart , R-Fla. , who is the lead sponsor of House legislation that would change the current law .
39	In previous games , Edwards believes that defenders were pressing , trying to overcompensate for the lack of certainty about the system by leaving their assignments to attempt a big play .
40	In a nutshell : Weird mix of redneck humor , girly fantasy and the occasional moment of reality make this Reese Witherspoon vehicle for starry-eyed romantics only .
41	He stepped out of his Mercedes and stood among dozens of other stupefied commuters , all staring helplessly at the smoke and flames in the distance .
42	But in late September , Giorgio began getting headaches .
43	Koplowitz 's next concert will be a more modest affair and presented indoors at Dance Theater Workshop in May .
44	Only about one in five private-sector employees still receives that kind of deal , experts say .
45	It did n't specify which goods in either case .
46	The committee is planning to hear from him this month .
47	The scandal has now forced resignations at Japan 's fourth-largest bank and three of Japan 's Big Four brokerages .
48	It said it wanted the court to establish whether the government had failed to `` apply the same rules '' to all the bidders .
49	If Calcavecchia plays Friday morning , he knows the importance of starting well , because the Americans have a recent history of falling behind early .
50	On the next play , Tuman , who had lined up on the left side , glided unchecked to the right and caught Griese 's pass for a 53-yard play to the Colorado 2. Two plays later , Chris Floyd 's dive for a 1-yard touchdown put Michigan ahead .
51	Although Charles Darwin had written in 1872 about the consistency of expressions in mammals , social scientists of the 1960s and 1970s believed expressions are learned through culture .
52	The Hearst News Service has filed or will file the following for Wednesday .
53	Deputies said that as many as 57 deputies who were members of Fatah let Arafat know in a meeting Tuesday night that they intended to vote against him .
54	Inspired by the Cadillac Vison concept SUV shown at last year 's auto shows , the new Cadillac SRX will become one of the newest entrants into the fast-growing medium luxury utility segment , in which rival Lincoln is about to add its own Aviator , based on the Ford Explorer/Mercury Mountaineer platform .
55	It 's an effective , maybe even subversive , way to get the message across .
56	For their part , investors kept selling off stocks in trading and deregulated power companies , spurred Monday by negative news for El Paso Corp. Better yet , Miller and Roy Oswalt have won 19 straight decisions , and since July 1 , they 're a combined 21-1 with a 2.41 ERA.
57	Organogenesis Inc. of Canton Monday ended its troubled six-year relationship with giant Novartis Pharma AG , unilaterally terminating a marketing agreement in a move that will likely lead Organogenesis to file for bankruptcy protection from creditors this week .
58	In the first effort in Congress to estimate the fiscal cost of an Iraqi war , Democrats on the House Budget Committee released a report on Monday putting the likely price tag at between $ 30 billion and $ 60 billion , less than that of the Gulf War in 1991 .
59	ONE OF THOSE DAYS FOR JARRETT Worn out by the travel and discouraged by agency 's perpetual financial difficulties and the intractable nature of the Palestinian problem , Rennie retired in 1977 at 60 .
60	Extendicare Inc. agreed to buy Arbor Health Care Co. for about US$ 432 million in cash and assumed debt , nearly doubling its Florida and Ohio businesses and making it one of North America 's largest long-term health care providers .
61	She began her career as a chunky woman , awkward on stage and unsure of her musical direction .
62	This leads to one of two inescapable conclusions : Either the president reads BioScope or I got lucky .
63	Luckily for them , nobody was watching .
64	The first photograph of the fatal crash in which Diana , Princess of Wales , died appeared on the front page of Bild Zeitung Monday .
65	Hooters of America owns , operates or franchises a total of 192 of the hot wing restaurants , vs. the 12 run by Hooters Inc.
66	Tropical Storm Edouard will meander about 125 miles off the Georgia coast causing surf to build along parts of the Southeast Coast .
67	The drill has a keyless chuck , a built-in level for drilling straight holes and nonslip texturing over the whole drill body to provide a firm grip .
68	Six of the 11 missing were dead , and the whereabouts of another is unknown .
69	The first batter he faced , Carl Everett , singled .
70	Rhodes discovered he had cancer last October after he felt a sharp pain in his right leg .
71	Graham threw four touchdown passes in the title game and set up Groza 's 16-yard winning field goal with 28 seconds left on a frozen field at Cleveland 's Municipal Stadium .
72	If his use of the Web to create art sounds highfalutin , Koplowitz begs to differ .
73	That 's a lot of maybes in a sport where the right thing seldom happens , but with a shot at Mike Tyson having disappeared because of the sleight of hand of promoter Don King , Ruiz now knows he must turn in another direction if he wants the multimillion-dollar payday he 's been seeking for two years .
74	DeLillo has brilliantly described the simultaneous explosion of knowledge in our times and the spread of Dark Age superstitions , the loss of family and community ties , replaced by the bloodless , invasive connections spawned by the World Wide Web.
75	Continuing to maintain his innocence of terrorism charges , Salim said the stabbing was unrelated to the escape plan and stemmed instead from his dissatisfaction with his lawyers .
76	Tax revenue will fall as economic growth slows and the government will reduce spending , Mar 'ie said , again without specifying how big the cuts will be or where they will be made .
77	The group 's attacks on the Kurdish leadership give it common cause with Saddam Hussein , though a firm link with the Iraqi dictator has not been established .
78	I showed him 15 photographs which represented what I felt the movie should look and feel like .
79	The p53 protein is known to work as a genetic switch , binding to various sites along the DNA of cells and switching on nearby genes , a process called transactivation .
80	Only 19 percent of a national sample of 1,051 adults surveyed late last week said they believed the accord would reduce the number of teen-agers who begin smoking .
81	Complete with health spa , three restaurants and 363 rooms in a variety of traditional furnishings , it is dominated by a six-story rotunda .
82	The companies have been in business for more than 20 years .
83	Calcavecchia has looked steady recently , finishing in the top 35 in three of his last four starts , including a seventh-place finish at last month 's PGA Championship .
84	In March , prices rose $ 2.50 per 1,000 cigarettes at wholesale , which equaled about 5 cents a pack for premium cigarettes at retail .
85	But a meeting seemed unlikely .
86	Four years later , workers still clear rubble from the site of Ufundi House , although the Cooperative Bank Building has been completely renovated and the site of the embassy has been turned into a park , a memorial to the victims of that day .
87	Even so , the average rate of new starts for the first eight months of the year -- 1.449 million -- remains close to the eight-year high of 1.476 million new starts recorded in 1996 , according to government statistics .
88	Maybe Sikes should apply for workman 's compensation .
89	Last week , the Jets used some new alignments , including one in which John Abraham and Shaun Ellis lined up on one side and Mo Lewis rushed from the other .
90	Without admitting any error , the department has rapidly increased the number of cattle it tests annually .
91	It did not take long .
92	She sought out the untouchables of our society and she touched them .
93	You can venture out 100 yards and still find the water no deeper than 4 feet .
94	Died on Aug. 16 , 1938 , in Three Forks , Miss .
95	Farris was replaced by sophomore Dustin Long in the second quarter against Pitt , and sophomore Jason Carter and freshman Reggie McNeal played in the opener .
96	BIGGEST CONCERNS Express pilots currently have no pension .
97	Japanese automakers have taken some of the biggest strides with their new car models : Honda Motor Co. 's new Accord , likely to be a best-seller , is bigger , better and cheaper .
98	Following are excerpts from an interview with Sen. Richard C. Shelby , the Alabama Republican who is the ranking minority member of the Intelligence Committee : `` Maybe God just had a plan for me and wanted me to be around for a little while longer , '' said Johnson , who has a wife , Cookie , and three children .
99	Type in your ZIP code and fill out the easy questionnaire , and you 'll get side-by-side comparisons for plans in your area .
100	Katzenberg , for example , is feuding with former employer Disney , which he sued for $ 250 million , claiming he was denied his cut of the Disney animated films he helped make .
101	So , 1,200-degree air is pumped back to the turbine blades from the compressor in order to cool the blades .
102	NYT News Service And when `` Presidio Med '' fills the time between those scenes with even more stock situations , it may be a sign that it 's time for a moratorium on medical dramas , if not for complete euthanasia .
103	M2+CDs rose 3.0 percent in the April-June period .
104	But the poverty rate for people 18 to 64 rose a half percentage point , to 10.1 percent .
105	BSA seized items from SM Summit in a raid on Aug. 12 and 13 . c.2002 SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE City Supervisor Tom Ammiano , who sponsored the law , said many of the problems were simply a matter of getting the new system up and running .
106	After a few minutes and some lighthearted chuckles , normalcy prevailed and everyone reverted to their traditional duties .
107	Together , the Alden Trust and the other foundations controlled by the firm have contributed $ 1.7 million to Clark in the last five years .
108	Of course there are elegant souls who consider such journalism beneath their attention .
109	Some think the blend is more weighted toward expedience .
110	Trucking companies , meanwhile , have finally rebounded after years of laggard performance relative to the rest of the U.S. stock market .
111	If you have questions , please call Susie McBee or Tim Spence at 202-298-6920 .
112	Should caulking be done at the time of the reglazing or after , at a cost of $ 70 ? JUDY FRIEDMAN , West Roxbury ENDIT We must continue to lead by example .
113	His legislation would allow tax-free savings for expenses , including tuition , for any school , public , private or religious .
114	Bullion rose as the U.S. dollar fell against the yen and the German mark , making it cheaper for investors using other major currencies to buy the precious metal , analysts said .
115	Solutia is saddled with $ 1 billion in debt and even more than that in retiree medical costs and environmental liabilities .
116	A grocery store strike between Ralphs ' parent company , Kroger Co. , and 3,300 union employees in Wms T$ Virginia , Ohio and Kentucky ities between the two situations offer reason to hope : Both strikes involve Kroger stores and United Food and Commercial Workers employees , both disputes center on health care plans , both began in early October , and both have been mediated by federal officials .
117	Seattle 's roster is old .
118	Those three were apprehended Sunday .
119	The most unpopular agencies , he noted , are usually those charged with solving the most unsolvable problems .
120	There should be about 3 cups vegetables chopped medium fine .
121	The movie , a $ 120 million change of pace for arty `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' director Ang Lee , is set to debut in June .
122	Kidd , 29 , the team 's star point guard , extended his current contract years ago and may not sign another extension with the Nets before becoming a free agent on July 1 .
123	U.S. stocks were mixed after a report on durable goods showed unexpected strength , squelching hopes for a bond market rally that could boost shares .
124	Slowing corporate profits and weakening export growth has also forced economic growth expectations lower .
125	Euromoney 's executives spent several days this week huddled in negotiations with Robert Teitelman , managing editor of Institutional Investor 's Americas edition , whom they named editor to replace Cudaback .
126	Ms. Denis 's gift is to integrate the characters so fully in their milieu that they emerge from it almost insensibly .
127	Oh , and keep the cats away .
128	The board of directors of UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , is likely to name Glenn F. Tilton , an oil industry executive , as the airline 's new president and chief executive in a meeting Monday morning , according to people with knowledge of the situation .
129	Dell stock fell 2 1/16 to 87 1/8 Friday .
130	It will also increase luxury taxes on other goods `` that are not essential for development , '' in order to lower non-productive imports .
131	Jim Suydam writes for the Austin American-Statesman .
132	As for Miller and Oswalt , they accept the responsibility without blinking .
133	For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service `` I was pretty obnoxious , '' says Steers , who did a year at Hotchkiss and another at an Indiana military school before running away to New York , where he bunked with members of a dance company he had worked for as a stagehand the previous summer on Martha 's Vineyard .
134	The glamour of Callas ' life has been much exaggerated .
135	For clients of the New York Times News Service Manufacturers ' orders will likely be stronger than the 9.1 percent growth for the July-September quarter the EPA originally forecast , the government said .
136	Politicians , historians , locals and the victims ' families are grappling with how the site should be preserved .
137	Then with sheer determination she shed 70 pounds and became the sleekly beautiful and charismatic musical actress of legend .
138	Born in New York City to Greek parents , she returned with her mother to Greece at 14 and entered the conservatory in Athens .
139	Gurney boosts backers Stars general manager Bob Gainey said he was uncomfortable with increased team incentives for one player .
140	I am having my bathtubs reglazed .
141	BLUE RIBBON COOK BOOK 1907 DEVILED EGGS Cut in two , crosswise , one dozen hard-boiled eggs .
142	Fowler clearly resented Ickes ' authority , and his testimony affirms once again that Ickes , probably more than any other person , knows the full story of the 1996 Clinton campaign , including President Clinton 's role in the fund-raising excesses .
143	Netscape is aiming to distribute 100 million copies of Navigator over the next year through partners , including Internet service providers and U.S. Robotics , a division of 3Com Corp. Wide familiarity with Navigator helps Netscape sell its higher-end Internet software packages , especially to large companies .
144	Childhood cancers only make up 2 percent of all cancer cases in the United States .
145	He did , and their discussion lit a flame that had temporarily burned out .
146	But he did n't fool me .
147	Confusingly , hurricanelike tropical cyclones born over the southwestern Pacific and the Indian Ocean are usually called just `` cyclones '' in the media .
148	The New York Stock Exchange floor will be a sea of khaki-clad legs tomorrow as Gap Inc. promotes casual Fridays with free pants and shirts for about 3,500 traders .
149	The spread between the notional yield on the most active 10-year Japanese government bond futures contract and the seven-year swap rate was little changed from yesterday at 42 basis points .
150	Had I known then what I know now , I might have argued for a different arrangement .
151	Kors also used silk on belted polo dresses and trousers .
152	If the administration wished to support something appropriate and useful , President Clinton would embrace , rather than resist , U.S. Sen. Paul Coverdell 's K-12 education savings A+ Accounts .
153	He did n't quite understand what I was getting at , or so he claimed .
154	We get long digressions about the rivalry between Los Alamos and a second nuclear weapons lab set up at Livermore , Calif. , and eye-glazing asides about technical problems at both labs .
155	He was back in Atlanta last October on a non-guaranteed training camp contract , but the Hawks released him so he could sign a guaranteed deal with Panathinaikos , a Greek team that he led to the Euroleague championship .
156	Why does this `` moment , '' to use a term bandied about by designers , call for an excess of clothes rendered in guipure lace , with ruffles , ribbons or other frilly edging , in polka-dotted or liquid silks or with lingerie-style details ? $ $ $ Still , traders said they expect investors to look for opportunities to buy temporarily depressed big-company shares , which have outperformed those of smaller companies for the past 2 1/2 years .
157	A spokesman for Hayden said Sunday that the senator was looking at several areas for possible legislation , including clarification of existing laws dealing with stalking and trespassing .
158	What the team did n't count on was that Boselli would have two more surgical procedures on his shoulder after he became a Texan .
159	Think of how many people stay in bad marriages because they are financially dependent or simply afraid of the unknown .
160	But within seconds , his smile had receded and his tone had again turned serious .
161	Story Filed By Cox Newspapers -- Dao Heng Bank Group Ltd. was rated `` buy '' in new coverage by analyst Elan Cohen at J.P. Morgan Securities .
162	They sweet-talked , cajoled , and begged people to come talk .
163	That , he said , is what many of the POWs would like more than anything .
164	Jane Boynton , a nurse from Miami who heard Forbes speak at the Christian Coalition convention , said : `` He said exactly what the people wanted to hear .
165	That 's about 2 percentage points more than investment grade bonds and in contrast to the 6.7 percent average yield on benchmark 30-year Treasuries this year .
166	The couple was riding in a rented Mercedes-Benz , and the driver , trying to avoid the photographers ' harassment , crashed the car at high speed against a concrete pillar .
167	They want news of the latest United Nations debate , bulletins on the Sudanese economy , inside dope on the recent political coup in Cambodia .
168	Spokesmen for the SEC and the New York and Philadelphia exchanges declined to say whether they are investigating trading in Salomon 's stock .
169	For starters , try the Internet .
170	It says that Indonesia will lower tariffs on some goods used to make exports .
171	The confusion over ADD is not new .
172	The BSA suit , filed on behalf of Microsoft Corp. , Autodesk Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. , alleged SM Summit committed software piracy .
173	A year ago , three-fifths of Americans said the government had done enough to protect them against another terrorist attack ; now just two-fifths do .
174	Plus , Gidley notes , there are also a number of `` push providers '' such as PointCast Inc. , which provides news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it .
175	Rookie Antonio Bryant is fiery , but he must find some consistency in his route running .
176	Airports act as `heat islands , ' so temperatures can vary as much as 10 degrees Fahrenheit from far away vegetable fields and citrus groves .
177	The Rams sorely miss departed third receiver Az Hakim .
178	In the last four games of the losing streak , they surrendered deciding goals in the last minutes of the half or game three times and were blanked , 4-0 , by Tampa Bay .
179	Eating disorders affect 5 million to 10 million American adolescent girls and women and about 1 million American boys and men .
180	A similar bill is pending in the Senate , sponsored by Florida Sens. Connie Mack , a Republican , and Bob Graham , a Democrat .
181	Taylor missed only one day of school , but another week went by before she could move her head smoothly to the right , or lift her writing arm up to desk level without pain .
182	Well , you can still buy a single quart at the corner store , but it 'll cost you a few dollars extra .
183	If force is necessary , let it be force in the best interest of all , and supported by all who truly want a peaceful world .
184	Organizations in the 33 states can use the grants announced today for both education and enforcement efforts -- including funding for enforcement , housing counseling and other activities that will promote fair housing , Clinton said .
185	Come to think of it , that would be revolutionary .
186	But Leslie Robison , an epidemiologist from the University of Minnesota , who estimates that 1 out 630 children will develop cancer before the age of 15 , said that cancer has very different implications for a child compared to adults , even for those who survive .
187	He calculates his annual maintenance costs at $ 25,000 .
188	Towers Financial was formed by one-time New York Post bidder Steven Hoffenberg .
189	Or it can maintain and expand a safety net that is already larger than many people had thought , possibly giving more discouraged workers reason to depend on a government check .
190	But Aftonbladet said Chatty was interviewed by the police after Sept. 11 and subsequently made a pilgrimage to Mecca .
191	She said she was looking forward to returning to Texas with her family .
192	And just to get to that point , the Chiefs had to overcome a 10-0 first-half deficit and a 17-14 Seahawks advantage in the third quarter .
193	For historians , this euphoria rang a bell of memory .
194	Even if you just want to take a dip , you 'll find the ocean conditions generally inviting -- and family-friendly .
195	Together , the year 's two moves have raised prices 14 percent at the wholesale level , and 7 percent at retail , according to Black .
196	It was Tuesday , he explained .
197	There is no escaping the fact that Arab political emotions have been shaped by the region 's encounter with French and British colonialism , by the defeat of the Arab effort to prevent the existence of Israel and by the subsequent American support for Israel and its treatment of the Palestinians , as well as by the direct injection of American power into the region .
198	For P.T. International , the drought represents the second setback in as many years .
199	Diana raised our consciousness about diseased children in Third World countries , people living with AIDS and the ravages of land mines .
200	Hooters Inc. founded the chain 14 years ago , and owns the company trademark and related rights .
201	Story Filed By Cox Newspapers Champions of the National Endowment for the Arts , which congressional conservatives are trying to shut down , have joined CBS , Bravo and others in producing public service announcements about the importance of the arts .
202	Waiting in Guyana for their turn , Charles and Charlene looked after each other .
203	Today , Mackovic is presented with a real-life role reversal that could prove painful for his football team if played out to the hilt at Rice Stadium .
204	Next up on the politics-and-calories calendar is a Buell dinner Monday for Chellie Pingree , the Dems ' Maine senatorial candidate .
205	Meanwhile , Federal Express said it has kept about 15 percent of the extra deliveries it gained during the UPS strike .
206	Biondi said that Kay Koplovitz would remain as chairwoman of the company .
207	Like most visitors to Xi'an , Rubin tours China 's most astounding archeological treasure : the army of thousands of life-size figures that protect the graves of the Chinese emperors .
208	The yield spread between an index of option-free 10-year `` A2 '' bank bonds and the 10-year Treasury note was 70 basis points yesterday , 2 basis points wider from a week earlier .
209	As a human rights officer , she regularly traveled around the country , returning to brief officials about ethnic clashes and human rights abuses that deter Bosnia 's refugees from returning home .
210	This quality transcended fashion .
211	Dot with food coloring and wait .
212	Most were dragged off instantly by police officers who had apparently been warned .
213	The public was clearly fed up , and as Congress took up the issue in early 2001 the only question seemed to be one of timing , whether the necessary reforms could be enacted before the 2002 midterm elections .
214	Region prospers While a successful Teamsters union strike last month was viewed as a comeback for U.S. labor , the turmoil surrounding President Ron Carey casts doubt on its future .
215	The subject was a Lakers four-peat - a campaign that begins one week from today , when the Lakers open training camp in El Segundo .
216	By the early 1980s , it was ZZZZ Best that showed how easy fraud could be .
217	A physician 's diet , exercise , The brewer said the improvement in trading performance was due to increased volumes led by canned Draught Guinness , an 11 percent increase in productivity per employee and returns on a 10 percent increase in marketing investment to 107 million pounds .
218	The number of passengers on Lufthansa 's domestic routes declined 5.5 percent in the first half , even as overall passenger numbers rose 3 percent .
219	Even though it was first diagnosed by a British pediatrician in 1902 , no one knows what causes it .
220	It was an area in central Bosnia that Melnick knew well .
221	The scene was oddly serene compared with the mayhem on Monday after 12 North Koreans tried to enter a compound housing the Ecuadorian Embassy , which is usually lightly guarded .
222	Spurred by requests from customers , health food stores started calling their suppliers yesterday looking for the sprouts , which are n't commercially available .
223	But do n't let a Web site substitute for a physician , either : Anyone who has himself for a doctor has a fool for a patient .
224	His mother said he was in Saudi Arabia on Sept. 11 .
225	The governor 's campaign aides offered a quick retort .
226	The proposed accord was reached June 20 by the tobacco industry and 39 states .
227	Among the other companies that got a boost from restructurings , Sara Lee Corp. gained 17 percent for the week after announcing it will sell some business and cut costs to raise $ 3 billion for a stock buyback .
228	The announcement , which came only days after a visit to Pyongyang by Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi , marked a significant change of strategy for the administration , which had terminated similar negotiations pursued with North Korea by President Bill Clinton shortly before he left office .
229	E. Martin Gibson is the company 's chairman and has served as a director of the parent company since 1992 .
230	Her friend was waiting for her at a bar , shaken and alone .
231	By contrast , European countries tested 10 million animals last year .
232	Sometimes he thinks he is improving , but then he runs out of breath , his pulse and blood pressure start jumping around or he turns forgetful in a way that he never was before .
233	Intel Corp. rose 1 13/16 to 97 3/4 and was among the leaders after it introduced a new product to link computers that improves efficiency 30 percent .
234	Deutsche BA , meanwhile , saw passenger numbers almost double in the first six months of 1997 , helped by a new marketing campaign and the introduction of two new routes .
235	Before tonight 's meeting Clinton aides had been talking to industry officials , trying to wrest new concessions , but with little progress .
236	Syrian President Hafez Assad hopes the violence will pressure Israel into relinquishing the Golan Heights , land it captured in the 1967 war .
237	He now needs inhaled asthma medicine to help him breathe , even though he never had asthma before .
238	The foundations , separate from the boards of educations , are modeled on those that began appearing in California in the 1970s after the passage of Proposition 13 , which limited property taxes .
239	For example , he wants to erect a multiplex theater and virtual-reality amusement park in Coney Island and is a finalist in the competition to choose a developer for the site of the New York Coliseum in Manhattan .
240	They make `` Alabama '' a relatively painless experience , provided , again , you leave before Jewel starts singing .
241	At least 170,000 civilian prisoners died at Majdanek , the suit claims , including 13,000 Jews who were murdered within a month of Bucmys 's arrival .
242	It was her sheer life force that was almost blinding , so blinding it is hard to believe it was not permanent , such a shock to discover that it could be destroyed or taken away .
243	To do so , Selig will have to overcome strong feelings on both sides .
244	Meanwhile , another tropical disturbance in the western Gulf of Mexico will promote locally heavy showers along the coast from Texas to the central Gulf States .
245	Woodson kept Chiaverini behind him and made the leaping interception at the Michigan 45 .
246	Have you ever looked closely at a Cheez Doodle ?
247	Bensonhurst is a vintage Italian neighborhood , a place of tidy two-family brick homes adorned with Madonnas in the front yard and American flags snapping over the front doors .
248	He still remembers when Weinberg came to him with his wife 's sculpture portfolio and proposed making similarly styled knobs and hardware .
249	The money losing airline offered discount prices between western Canadian destinations .
250	The ailing incumbent , Lansana Conte , in office since seizing power in a coup in 1984 , was widely expected to win .
251	You can also look up individual carriers for more detailed info on their respective products and special offers .
252	At times there were beautiful moments .
253	E-mail her at mmccartycoxohio.com A Ply Gem Industries Inc. shareholder is suing Furman Selz Inc. for $ 100 million , claiming it was negligent in recommending Nortek Inc. 's takeover offer as fair to shareholders .
254	So they fire up the pits and smoke the briskets for 18 hours over mesquite or hickory .
255	Ruiz hopes Lewis 's decision will give light heavyweight champion Roy Jones Jr. the impetus to take on Ruiz Dec. 7 on HBO , the idea being that the winner would fight the winner of the WBA title next spring .
256	Grbac wore a quizzical look , like a guy who was given a wonderful gift by his worst enemy .
257	Turnout was light , according to news agency reports from the capital , Conakry .
258	A Swiss Bank spokesman in Basel , Michel Willi , declined to comment on the talks , as did a spokesman in London .
259	For one thing , members of Congress and their staffs have a traditional `` defined benefit '' program , meaning that they know exactly what they 'll get upon retirement .
260	He moved Jerry Pettibone 's 6 a.m.
261	The Stars have a team incentive plan in place that awards bonuses on a years-played basis .
262	In the most world-renowned episode , seven frantic photographers on motorbikes chased Princess Diana and her companion , Dodi al-Fayed , after leaving the Ritz hotel in Paris .
263	The need for strong federal action to protect the right to vote and the integrity of future national elections could not have been clearer .
264	Pale strawberries soaked in a water-based liquid are lined up beside richly colored berries soaked in a balsamic vinegar-brown sugar sauce that stained them vivid red .
265	On Wednesday , FBI Director Louis Freeh told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology , Terrorism and Government Information that the keys and export restrictions are needed by law enforcement to combat criminals in the information age .
266	Clearly , he understands the end of his career is in sight and wants to make the most of the time remaining .
267	He took to the idea and has encouraged the couple ever since .
268	The North Korean leader , Kim Jong Il , promptly satisfied Japan 's demands , although not in the way Japan 's overly confident diplomats had imagined .
269	In silence , a dozen women emerged in white chadors , the final one in black , standing silently and gazing mutely at the audience .
270	Silver inventories in Comex warehouses rose 454,000 ounces to 141.118 million ounces , the exchanges said in its daily stockpile report after trading yesterday , up from a 10-month low of 140.664 million ounces .
271	Growth in 1998 is also likely to be less than earlier forecast -- 2.1 percent , not 3.0 percent as the IMF estimated in May .
272	Lois Epstein , an engineer with the Alaska environmental organization Cook Inlet Keeper and a longtime pipeline safety activist , said the legislation achieved a number of needed reforms , but did not go far enough .
273	The country can cut benefits at a time when joblessness is rising and leave relatively unskilled workers to fend for themselves .
274	If the other driver is amenable , the agent said he analyzes the client 's policy to determine whether paying for all the damages will cost less money than paying a premium increase over six years .
275	The original basis for some of them grew out of fears of the experience before World War II when totalitarian governments in Europe and Asia controlled all media outlets .
276	He was so inspired by Snyder 's speech on how he made the program a success that when he learned Snyder had to hurry to the airport , Riley begged to go along for the ride .
277	We are looking for a middle ground .
278	Chicken minced very finely may be added if desired .
279	Hatley created a wild garden , complete with long grasses , hillocks , wildflowers and pathways , that turned the underground stage at the Manhattan Theater Club into a thrilling terrarium , a reminder that in any production , any of the myriad collaborators may leave a brilliant mark .
280	And part is probably contained in the lowered expectations so many have about what government and politicians can and cannot do .
281	Just weeks after the victory over United Parcel Service of America Inc. , a federal overseer was entangled in a fund-raising scandal among Carey aides and resigned , leaving in doubt Carey 's eligibility to run in a new election -- as well as its timetable .
282	2. CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE TEENAGE SOUL , compiled by nn If the owner ca n't read the riot act after a game like that , when can he ?
283	They 're in the title credits of the film , '' he says .
284	Bush instructed Secretary of State Colin Powell to begin intensive diplomacy aimed at crafting a U.N. Security Council resolution that would amount to an ultimatum for Iraq : comply or face the prospect of military attack .
285	But Lucas ' next big film is `` The Hulk , '' based on the comic book about Bruce Banner , who , when a scientific experiment goes wrong , is genetically afflicted with the ability to morph into a mammoth being .
286	If that fails , the government will liquidate banks that are insolvent .
287	El Pueblo Gallery is located in space E-13 on Olvera Street , downtown Los Angeles .
288	Oakland , in need of a catcher after trading Ramon Hernandez to San Diego , acquired Michael Barrett from Montreal for a player to be named later .
289	Edge Rams Offensive linemen `` Texans are passionate about cooking briskets , '' McAdams adds .
290	Hoffenberg was sentenced in March to 20 years in jail and ordered to pay $ 462.6 million in restitution and a $ 1 million fine for defrauding Tower Financial debt holders of $ 460 million .
291	When Adecco was formed , the company said it was the market leader in six of 11 countries that make up 90 percent of the temporary employment market , including France --Europe 's biggest temporary employment market -- Spain , Germany , Switzerland , Britain and Australia .
292	Pat Day , the winning jockey , agreed that Royal Indy had been `` a little hot and nervous '' before the race , but added : `` She always seems to be like that , so I was n't that concerned .
293	3Com 's success at integrating U.S. Robotics and the introduction of a large number of new networking products will boost 3Com 's sales and profit margins , said Paul Meeks , director of research at Jurika &AMP ; Voyles LP , which owned 3.7 million 3Com shares at the end of June .
294	The Rangers and Giants represent opposite viewpoints .
295	Dell Computer said it 's adding 25 million shares to its stock repurchase program , for a total of 125 million shares , almost a third of its 383 million outstanding as of last quarter .
296	The last prisoner was released in 1988 .
297	Do look at me with just a little lust !
298	Pageant officials do not release the winner 's name of the preliminary interview contest until within hours of Saturday night 's final competition .
299	And the same things could have been said in Tennessee and Pittsburgh .
300	Moving in financial categories .
301	Boruchin adds : `` The zealots who have been campaigning against cigarettes have trouble telling people that three cigars a week is dangerous to their health .
302	And as city officials scrambled to recruit new foster parents , they found themselves struggling to find homes for teen-agers , children suffering from psychological disorders , young mothers with babies and large groups of siblings .
303	Maybe this is what the autistic twins in Oliver Sacks ' `` The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat '' saw with their inner eyes .
304	Their pieces sell well in the $ 20 range , said Michael Rizzuto , a senior buyer at Gracious Home , which was the first store to feature the North River Mint .
305	But a group of protesters showed up and burned two American flags .
306	Open positions of short sales on the Nasdaq stock market rose 1 percent in the most recent month , according to figures released Wednesday .
307	The Mariners ' oldest players -- Edgar Martinez , Jamie Moyer , John Olerud and Mark McLemore -- have been among the most productive , though Martinez and McLemore have had injury problems .
308	The average yield on junk bonds is a little more than 9 percent so far this year , according to Merrill Lynch &AMP ; Co.
309	More than 30 years ago , when Ekman first set out to determine whether facial expressions are innate or learned , he was derided by esteemed social scientists , including the famous anthropologist Margaret Mead .
310	American involvement in the Middle East is clearly the main impulse of the hatred that has been directed at America .
311	The troubled answers about the campaign against terrorism at home and abroad conveyed a similar fatalistic , slightly cranky mood .
312	The findings , which the researchers say probably apply to men too , appear in the current issue of The Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
313	That , in itself , is n't awful .
314	Nancy Cole , the president of ETS , says that the company is aware that its nonprofit status is a source of concern , particularly to outsiders , as the testing service increases its competition with for-profit businesses .
315	Led by Guy Hands , managing director for Nomura International 's Principal Finance Group , the unit has completed more than $ 11 billion in securitizations since 1995 , including the 944 million pound securitization of Angel Trains , which the U.K. government sold as part of its rail privatization program ; the 904 million pound securitization of Annington Homes , a group of 57,000 British military houses ; and the 249 million pound securitization of the Phoenix Inns pub chain Nomura also bought from GrandMet and Fosters .
316	He said keeping her off the ballot was part of his effort to promote the emergence of new political leaders , though opposition leaders accuse him of manipulation to protect his hold on power .
317	Joining the NFL in 1950 , the Browns proved themselves once more .
318	One of the most disturbing factors for Rohrabacher is that there has never been any formal apology from any of the Japanese companies .
319	Story Filed By Cox Newspapers It is the cultural issues , though , that probably pose the biggest challenges .
320	Poverty rates for children , 16.3 percent , and the elderly , 10.1 percent , were virtually unchanged from 2000 .
321	Any notoriety for a Latina actress will promote Latina actresses in general , says Bel Hernandez , former actress and publisher of a Hollywood trade publication for Latinos , Latin Heat .
322	After a while , they do n't feel the acute pain of someone who has been dumped .
323	Such remarks prompt speculation the U.S. may change its strong-dollar policy .
324	Hose contracted inhalation anthrax while handling mail for the State Department in Sterling , Va .
325	Police departments launch massive enforcement plans to combat road rage .
326	The company exported 2.13 million barrels a day of crude oil , and 966,000 barrels a day of refined products .
327	Cleveland : Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Jerry Jordan speaks on money and monetary policy to the Cleveland Business Economists Club , noon .
328	The event fizzled after the bombing that rocked the games .
329	Still there is lingering concern that further earthquakes could follow , leading to some `` transportation problems and mud-slides in Colombia , '' according to Tim Fallar , president of The Fallar Co. in West Harrison , New York .
330	Did not the same radiant hope accompany the transition from the 19th to the 20th century ?
331	Born in 1912 in Hazelhurst , Miss .
332	An online bidder in Boerne paid $ 525 for a 20-inch Sony television set that retails at less than $ 350 new .
333	His memory was a good deal better about White House management of the DNC , especially its fund-raising operations .
334	The company , Hydra Biosciences , is largely based on the work of Dr. Mark T. Keating , a founder of the company and a biologist at Harvard who studies regeneration in zebrafish .
335	For its part , Israel has long said it will not pull out of southern Lebanon until it gains a peace treaty with Lebanon and Syria .
336	The finding revealed bay trees , not oak trees , to be the unexpected , key disperser of the disease .
337	At the time , Little said he left Ramirez in the game because the slugger apologized to everybody in the dugout .
338	The Cardinals considered very seriously drafting Purdue fullback Mike Alstott with their second-round pick a year ago .
339	He paid $ 350,000 for the car in 1990 , then thoroughly remodeled it .
340	He also appears to be as motivated as he 's been in some time .
341	The Chinese are still firing eight or nine million workers a year as part of their reforming of state-owned enterprises , and those workers do n't have a safety net '' - much less a wage .
342	Investigators are clearly looking into whether executives misled investors about the financial well-being of the company and its future prospects , said Jacob Frankel , a former Securities and Exchange Commission lawyer now in private practice .
343	Now you can gag .
344	Special-interest groups publish studies and issue news releases using road rage to make the case for highway construction , road improvements , tougher traffic regulations .
345	By early September , not only had the Revolution been involved in an 11-game losing streak , including cup games and exhibitions , they appeared to lose faith in themselves .
346	In the end , blacks and whites came , and , to hear many of them tell it , climbed over a lot of harsh terrain to get there .
347	Playing before a crowd of 39,294 , Army jumped to a 7-0 lead on its second possession , covering 66 yards in a 14-play drive that culminated in a 1-yard leap into the end zone by the junior fullback Joe Hewitt .
348	Houston : Baker Hughes Inc. releases its weekly survey of the number of active oil and gas drilling rigs in the U.S. and Canada .
349	Only Nikko Securities Co. has the same top executives it started the year with .
350	Illustrating that point , he asserted that Iraq could be a laboratory for terror groups , easily furnishing them with the chemical and biological weapons it had developed .
351	As for labeling the products flops as Pecoriello did , Reilly said : `` It 's very early days to count on the success of brands that were launched just this summer .
352	Some city tests of the water have indeed found small traces of crude oil , and during the trial this summer , Jeff Davis , who supervised a water-pipe replacement in the early 1990s , testified : `` Ooze was coming out of the side next to the water line , and there were pools of oil at the bottom .
353	At least that was the case for linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo at the Rose Bowl on Saturday .
354	He used T-bone , and then carved the steak off the bone and into slices once it was cooked al sangue , which is to say , deliciously rare , though obviously you should cook the steak just how you like to eat it .
355	To make matters worse , they accidentally bumped into each other in the street some distance from their meeting spot .
356	Red Sox manager Grady Little kept Ramirez in the game but later admitted he should have benched him .
357	With some prompting from his own earlier deposition on this issue , Fowler acknowledged that Harold Ickes , who was deputy chief of staff , had the strongest voice in directing the DNC finance division from the White House .
358	A Georgia inventor has won a patent for a method of regiving items ordered online when they turn out to be white elephants .
359	So Michigan Stadium is indeed the largest in the nation in seating capacity .
360	Still , the agent said he advises clients who are at fault in minor fender benders where there are no personal injuries to inquire whether a private resolution is possible .
361	The latest price rise was the second by the cigarette makers this year .
362	It went from testing 219 in 1997 to 20,526 last year .
363	Mills stressed that the release of test results and his plans for a review panel were not a reaction to criticism .
364	At times there was silence , and sometimes the silence turned volcanic .
365	She was a little anxious early on .
366	That creature was in turn named for the mythical multiheaded serpent that regrew new heads when one was cut off .
367	Hydra , of Cambridge , Mass. , is named after a pond-dwelling creature that can grow two wholes after being sliced in half .
368	Yet other studies point to fetal exposure to environmental toxins like lead , cigarettes and alcohol .
369	With one or two new distributors signing on every week , the Weinbergs are busy planning to expand into clothing hooks and towel racks .
370	Hevesi said that in managing an investment portfolio , there are a wide array of stocks and that the performance of the broader markets affects the level of return .
371	In its report , the IMF also said it cut in half its growth estimate for Japan this year -- to 1.1 percent from May 's estimate of 2.2 percent .
372	Moreover , he said that foreign students spend an estimated $ 11 billion a year for tuition and rent , not to mention items ranging from jeans to pizzas .
373	But starters Torry Holt and Isaac Bruce might be the best and most explosive tandem in the league .
374	The Bank of Japan said in its quarterly report , the `` josei handan , '' that it expects M2+CDs to grow by about 3.0 percent in the July-September quarter .
375	Another survivor , David Hose , 60 , also expressed frustration over his slow recovery .
376	TO MIDNIGHT When the results are compiled , sometime next year , the census is expected to confirm what demographers have already been predicting : the steady decline in the Russian population due to ill health , migration and what demographers call `` the echo of war '' from World War II ; the increasing concentration of jobs and wealth in the biggest cities ; and what may be the largest mass movement of people here since Stalin 's forced relocations after World War II .
377	For the major airlines , including Fort Worth-based American , it was as if an artery had been cut .
378	Some 75 percent said it would not .
379	Ford plans to announce a similar move soon .
380	The show is scheduled to be filmed in Austin till November , when MTV will decide whether to continue `` Austin Stories '' for a full season .
381	Sometime later , the smell of a skunk seemed to permeate the bus .
382	In broad terms , the statement released by Mar 'ie addressed these concerns .
383	The 12-month target price is HK$ 51.00 per share .
384	The exchange next year even may permit growers to trade directly in the market instead of being forced to deal with the 12 market makers authorized by the exchange .
385	Those close to the company say Tigrett lost support on the board last year when the company took a big hit in the wake of a $ 15 million extravaganza at last year 's Summer Olympics .
386	Ratner has been one of the most aggressive builders in the city in recent years and he needs government approval for many of his projects .
387	They simply feel nothing .
388	When Steve Forbes was running for president , he did n't talk very much about the rights of the unborn .
389	You do n't have a computer ?
390	A fitting book for the millennium , Underworld is certain to become a key text for the interpretation of American culture in the second half of the 20th century .
391	Even as those stocks slumped , smaller stocks rallied , pushing the Russell and Nasdaq to records .
392	Fill the spaces in the whites of the eggs with the spiced yolks ; smooth it even with top ; sprinkle with chopped parsley ; garnish with the same and serve cold .
393	In response , a group of Amherst College students held a patriotism rally in October , reciting the Pledge of Allegiance .
394	Koizumi and his foreign ministry have come under harsh criticism for promising North Korea large amounts of aid , as well as normalization talks , in exchange for clear information about the abductees .
395	They litter the road to redemption with chaos , contraband , broken marriages , jilted women and political aspirations , but there still is a ray of hope and happiness for the residents of a small Cuban town called Guantanamera .
396	That sharp drop in confidence was mirrored in follow-up interviews .
397	The large multinational companies in the S&AMP;P 500 and the Dow had performed best this year , until those averages peaked on Aug. 6 .
398	In many quarters , the dead princess is being hailed as a visionary struck down in a battle to drag the stuffy monarchy and all of Britain into the 21st century .
399	You likely have all but one of the ingredients in }72847:929434:77 ;*4292092607 ;0940:477973 :4219 9:06309227921482 1: :10941066 7:722d table salt , water , ammonia and laundry bluing .
400	In the U.S. , Volkswagen sales peaked at 293,000 in 1980 , dropped to 49,533 in 1993 , then climbed to 135,907 in 1996 .
401	Lucas plays Banner 's nemesis , Maj .
402	In the auction 's early hours , as people stood in two-hour lines just to get into the bidding room , it seemed that the Enron connection was propping up some dubious prices .
403	How many cigars do I need to smoke a day to get cancer ?
404	Shares of the New York-based company rose 5 1/4 , or 8.4 percent , to 67 3/4 in midday trading of 2.1 million , triple the three-month daily average .
405	Remove the yolks carefully , mash them very fanE$ and season sparely with mustard , vinegar , salt , pepper and a tablespoonful of melted butter .
406	SLOW RETURN : Carroll said he would hold tailback Justin Fargas out of practice to make sure they are available for next week 's game with Colorado .
407	I do n't know why I said it , but I did , and the secretary turns to me and says , ` You know , you 've got a point there . '
408	In contrast to the two technique books , it has few photos in its 500+ pages , and those illustrate concepts such as the water solubility of anthyocyanins .
409	The rules were written to encourage diversity of voices on the airwaves and competition among media outlets , and to prevent the biggest companies from becoming too powerful in controlling news and entertainment .
410	The new Cadillac is scheduled to go on sale next summer for model year 2004 .
411	U.S. officials say Japan has done little since April to change unfair port practices .
412	Since the report was prepared , however , the energy market has declined and the number of possible buyers has dwindled , diminishing the value of those assets , analysts say .
413	In the past , senior American intelligence officials have said that some Iraqi fighters who opposed the United States in Afghanistan have now drifted back to Iraq and joined ranks with Ansar al-Islam .
414	Hilton 's shares rose 1 1/16 to 33 3/16 .
415	Mar 'ie said the government will also `` encourage '' the merger of insolvent banks with solvent ones .
416	By GREG LUCAS The end-of-the-month deadlines are a result of the landmark Immigration Reform Act passed by Congress last year to turn back the tide of illegal immigrants .
417	He has n't had a save opportunity in nine games , matching a season high .
418	She has done so with depth and confidence .
419	Also , on a recent afternoon , the waves were so small and punchless that they could n't even provide sufficient lift for a 165-pound bodysurfer .
420	She knew too well that the world is filled with people who talk about virtue but has a much shorter supply of those who act on it .
421	Yet in her work for people with AIDS she broke through .
422	In fact , Clark appears to have a reserved seat .
423	Seagram shares rose C$ 0.25 to C$ 50.30 in midmorning Toronto trading and rose 3/16 to 36 3/16 in New York .
424	Does it still matter who wins ?
425	Helou joins a number of top writers like Claudia Roden , Paula Wolfert and Nancy Harmon Jenkins , in making the Mediterranean the focus of their studies .
426	Instead , he gives blow-by-blow accounts of encounters Oppenheimer had in the 1930s with Communist sympathizers , of FBI efforts to bug his homes and offices , of the machinations of Lewis Strauss on the Atomic Energy Commission to have him removed from power and of differences Oppenheimer had with his colleagues .
427	As Dr. Norman J. Silver was winding down his orthopedic surgery practice in New Rochelle , N.Y. , he wanted to make sure there were opportunities for continuing education in the place where he would ultimately retire .
428	They defeated the defending champion Philadelphia Eagles handily in their first NFL game and went on to win the league championship with a dramatic 30-28 victory over the Los Angeles Rams .
429	Two other suspects , Brian Jay Robbins , 28 , and Ronald Eugene Timms , late 20s , were arrested Wednesday afternoon .
430	Are the awards just an excuse to haul the stars out in finery given to them by designers ?
431	Some historians and the Turkish government have disputed claims of an organized genocide and the numbers of Armenians killed .
432	Those very same men who dismissed her as `` barmy '' are now seen in TV studios up and down the land regaling us with tales of her specialness .
433	Earrings and facial hair are now OK .
434	Strong wind gusts and most of the heavy rain will remain offshore Tuesday , although a few squalls will reach the immediate coast from South Carolina to northern Florida .
435	The test results have just been compiled , said Mills , who added that he wants as much public input and discussion on the new tests as possible .
436	We moved boxes and bags , favorite shirts and CDs , computer , new socks , notebooks , tennis racket , and shoebox stuffed with emergency chocolate cupcakes , into a microscopically small dorm room , half of which would be inhabited by a completely unknown quantity and the other half of which would be inhabited by a quantity so known and so loved that I ca n't even remember any time passing at all between his first tiny breath 18 years ago and the one he draws in today so that he can say , `` Bye , Mom .
437	When he failed to have the lawyers dismissed by a judge , he said , he decided to attack them .
438	White House aides say the Democratic president plans to offer his fast-track bill to the Republican Congress sometime during the second week of September , which already promises to be hectic .
439	Today 's average yield on the sale of C$ 2.1 billion of six-month bills was 3.615 percent , up from 3.561 percent two weeks ago .
440	Hot-rolled and cold-rolled sheet , which has a smoother finish and is used on the outside of autos and appliances , account for about half of all U.S. steel shipments .
441	When I finally got the package the next day , the phone was activated , though the battery needed to be charged for four hours .
442	The clamor for coverage arising from Diana 's death recalled how profitable her image had been for some publications during her life .
443	With the patent issued to William Dodd , from Marietta , a present could become a virtual gift that only ligHtli touches down in the recipient 's e-mail box before being rejected and passed on to someone else with the click of a mouse .
444	Then the secretary tells me a second one hit the towers , and I said right out loud , ` It must be an Arab . '
445	Space business will boom , he said , if the federal government will leave it largely unregulated .
446	Traina and three other trustees , including Fletcher and Clark treasurer James E. Collins , each make $ 123,000 a year for part-time work .
447	In fact , Fox , ABC and UPN are offering the same shows in the time slot now as they did a year ago .
448	Brown and her staff persisted .
449	Some of that money is earmarked for the new Traina Center for the Arts .
450	I did n't stop living because I was diagnosed with HIV.
451	What he did n't understand was the true essence of the Raiders : You might not understand it all , but you 're never going to get cheated .
452	When the passengers realized that other commercial jets had been hijacked and crashed , they fulfilled `` the quintessential American desire to act '' and `` decided to take matters into their own hands to avert a catastrophe , '' he said .
453	Officials at Volvo , long known for safe design , acknowledge that their cars are no match for a large sport utility vehicle .
454	Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture exchanging six-figure primes that they seemed to pull from their heads .
455	Mary McCarty writes for the Dayton Daily News .
456	You should probably just go online .
457	One of life 's simple pleasures is guessing who 'll walk away with the VeeHee .
458	2. Place the garlic and jalapeno in the bowl of a food processor .
459	As dramatic as these developments are , the tipping point is a long way off , said Stephen S. Roach , chief economist at Morgan Stanley .
460	For this year , Thailand is bracing for growth of only 3 percent or even a recession ; the Philippines expects gross domestic product to grow 5.55 percent ; Standard &AMP ; Poor 's expects Malaysia to grow 7 percent ; Indonesia 's economy is expected to expand 7 percent and Singapore 's between 6 percent and 7 percent .
461	Company after company followed suit as heightened security at major airports posed new obstacles .
462	When speed is your life , the race never ends .
463	That carpet cleaning company was started by a 16-year old who wound up with stock worth more than $ 100 million after his company went public .
464	In Norway , striking offshore oil workers forced state-owned oil company Statoil to shut down its 40,000 barrel-a-day Yme oil field in the North Sea .
465	The other five are still alive and will be allowed to return home if they want .
466	Lucas stopped in Atlanta recently to talk about `` Sweet Home Alabama , '' his new romantic comedy with Reese Witherspoon .
467	In return for shelling out the $ 368.5 billion , Philip Morris , RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp. and other tobacco companies would obtain protection from future class-action lawsuits that have threatened the industry 's well-being .
468	Or balanced on the tip of the tongue .
469	But Alea and Tabio use political strife as a broad backdrop on which to place the characters instead of making specific statements about revolution .
470	The dollar often declines when U.S. Treasury officials express concern that Japan may be trying to boost its economy through exports .
471	Perhaps examining the food on the plate too closely is something we should all avoid .
472	Specifically , he 's driven by the prospect of rematches with Shane Mosley and Felix Trinidad , the only fighters to beat him .
473	Efforts to reach Johnson were unsuccessful .
474	When you have to resort to 1,200-degree air to cool something , you 're running a hot system .
475	I asked the Armenian native if the neighborhood kids or anybody else ever poked fun at the sign , which is basically a Bart Simpson dream come true .
476	Ariel bought its shares in the mid-teens .
477	They add barbecue sauces developed with Texas taste panels for the chopped and sliced versions .
478	Lee Janzen IF PUSHED TO THE WALL , ISRAEL MIGHT FIRE NUKES That earned him the respect of analysts and investors , though the public remains skeptical .
479	Arnoldy logs about 30,000 miles a year aboard Intrepid , parking it on a private siding in Houston when he 's not riding the rails .
480	There were also searches of two warehouses owned by the firms in Schleswig-Holstein state and the office of the firms ' tax adviser in Hamburg .
481	The Treasury Department is responsible for U.S. foreign exchange policy .
482	So is Nissan Motor Co. 's Altima .
483	Television pictures showed police officers climbing over the roof and entering the offices of two related companies , Tatari Design and Tatex Trading G.m.b.H. , in Fitzbek , a village 35 miles from Hamburg .
484	Sprint Corp. 's recent disclosure that it expects a net loss in wireless customers this quarter helped send the company 's PCS tracking stock below $ 2 on Wednesday for the first time .
485	They are moving to install side air bags to provide more protection to the head and chest .
486	The average yield on the sale of C$ 1.9 billion of one-year bills was 4.167 percent , up from 4.165 percent two weeks ago .
487	It has outstanding stock options that could swell its roster of shares by 15 percent , and thus reduce earnings per share .
488	They say it cannot be done , but we beat City Hall , '' said Becky Fenger , a spokesperson for NO Transit Taxes .
489	When the university 's president , Richard P. Traina , retired in 2000 , he moved right into a spot on the board of the George I. Alden Trust , a $ 135 million foundation that 's run out of Fletcher , Tilton 's offices and which has been a strong Clark supporter .
490	July 's exports surpassed June 's total of $ 24.39 billion , and were well ahead of the previous January benchmark of C$ 24.88 billion .
491	Its commercial spine , 18th Avenue , is chock full of pork and pasta stores and the Italian colors of green , white and red everywhere .
492	Instead of converging on the meeting place , Hall and Sax both approached from the same direction .
493	Musharraf defended his government 's decision to ban Bhutto , now living in exile in London and charged with corruption , from taking part in parliamentary elections .
494	The demoted starter had not pitched in a week , but showed no signs of the long layoff .
495	McDaniel postponed ruling on Reilly 's motion and also on a defense motion to move the trial out of Middlesex County because of the publicity the case has received .
496	Beyond these practical considerations , there are other factors that can affect quality of life .
497	That 's enough of a difference to entice pension funds into junk .
498	But Dionne said he was skeptical about whether television advertising is so powerful .
499	The agency suspended imposition of the $ 100,000-per-voyage fines in April after Japan promised to address U.S. concerns by today .
